Updated documentation of arangoimport (#909)
arangodb/docs: 3.7/programs-arangoimport-examples-json.md

data. Data that appears later in the input file may be imported earlier than data
that appears earlier in the input file. This is normally not a problem but may cause
issues when when there are data dependencies or duplicates in the import data. In
this case, the number of threads should be set to 1. Also, using parallelism with the

> parameter `--threads X` can lead to a race condition when there are duplicates
> e.g. multiple equal `_key`values, so even ignoring the duplicates will make the
> output unpredictable, meaning not knowing which document will be inserted. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
parameter `--threads X` together with the parameter `--on-duplicate` set to `ignore`, 
`update` or `replace` can lead to a race condition when there are duplicates e.g. 
multiple identical `_key`values. Even ignoring the duplicates will make the result 
unpredictable, meaning it is not predictable which versions of the documents will be inserted.
```
